Typically, most attacks come from their leaks rather than being targeted. Therefore, it makes more sense to have good safe usage habits.
# 1. Use a search engine that protects privacy
The benefits of moving away from using Google search and instead using[DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/)or [Startpage](https://www.startpage.com/) are apparent as they can.
* Remove your IP address from communications.
* Remain continuously anonymous while browsing web content
* Block third-party advertising systems from tracking your personal information
* Stop the construction of user profiles based on your private web activity
I only go back to Google when I can't find the content I'm looking for.
# 2. Encrypt your data
If you can't live without an Internet drive like iCloud, Google Drive, or DropBox, then be prepared for your data to be hacked one day. Although large enterprises invest a lot of budget in encryption and data security, you still can't deny that：

As long as the data is on the other server, it's effectively out of your control.

Most online storage providers only encrypt data during transmission, or they keep their own keys for decryption. Unfortunately, these keys can be stolen, copied, or misused. So, do yourself a favor and use an open-source, free tool like [Cryptomator ](https://cryptomator.org/) to encrypt your data.
This way, your data is safe even if the Internet service provider is hacked.
# 3. Input Method
Use only the system's own
# 4. Access only HTTPS sites
* Install the [HTTPS Everywhere)](https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere) plugin.
* It automatically activates HTTPS encryption protection for all known supported parts of the visited website, preventing information about your interactions with the website from being eavesdropped on or tampered with.
* When accessing a website, you will be clearly alerted if the transmission is in clear text.
# 5. Use Google Drive to open suspicious attachments
You will often receive various emails with attachments. Although email service providers will pre-scan and block dubious content, many attachments are well-disguised, and downloading them locally is risky.

Previewing them directly on the web page or storing them in a temporary Google Drive folder can isolate viruses.
# 6. Be careful about writing security questions
"What is the name of your university?"
"Who is your girlfriend?"
"What's your favorite band?"
...
Stop putting your factual information honestly. Your information is archived on many social media platforms. Social workers can easily use it, allowing hackers to take advantage of it.
Instead, use a random password generated by your password management software as the answer to these security questions, which is much safer.
# 7. Don't log into your core account on a temporary device
Core accounts refer to your Google, Apple, and other central account tied to machines, credit cards, passwords, and more.
Internet companies usually store session cookies locally in your browser for convenience. However, hackers can bypass the platform's 2FA and other checks once this cookie is stolen. In this case, 2FA is useless.
# 8. Always second confirmation
Memory is not reliable
Check the wallet address should be complete, not just the first/last few digits.
# 9. Empty all disk data before selling used equipment
Two recommended tools.

[Data Removal: Darik's Boot and Nuke - DBAN](https://dban.org/)
[Edenwaith : Products : Permanent eraser](http://www.edenwaith.com/products/permanent%20eraser/)
The former can completely empty the hard disk.

The latter can replace the "safe emptying of the waste paper basket" operation. Each process can cover the file storage space 35 times, making it difficult to recover.
# 10. Only download the wallet from the official website
Recently, we have encountered many users who have downloaded wallets that have been "second packaged" by hackers. Android is the hardest hit because many wallets offer APK installation methods, which are hard to distinguish from the real thing.

Check the product's official website before downloading any wallet. If not, the trust chain on Twitter can help you confirm the authenticity of the official website.

Don't click on links from unknown sources, and don't go directly to download the installation packages from these links.

Second, for open source projects. Downloading from the official open-source GitHub repository Release, checking Commit, and checking the signature is a safer way to ensure that the installation package you download is the code corresponding to the current repository.